g'day I'm Jared Luke today we're looking
at our CMS 100 chipper mulcher shredder
now we're going to have a look at the
chipper disc from the CMS 100 first of
all we'll discuss our heavy-duty tape a
lock Bush mechanism which holds it on
the shaft fully welded both sides this
is the taper lock push which will lock
it on the shaft shaft going through this
bore and clean in here we've got the
chipper blade held in with two bolts
countersunk so that we can pass flush
over the top you'll notice we've got two
cutting edges when it's operating in
this position here this one will be
active and this one protected by this
shoulder down below here we always put
an angle behind our blades where the
wood will pass through you'll notice
here in the simulation wood passing
through it hitting the shoulder this
angle down here assists the timber to
fly through to the other side of the
disc without utilizing too much of the
horsepower of the engine on the rear of
our chipper disc four paddles which used
to fling the timber out through the
departure chute and over here is a
welded counterbalance our balancer has
put on for us and impossible for it to
fly off here's a unique feature of the
red-room chipper multi shredder is a
labyrinth seal which fits on the shaft
and bucks up against the tape a lock but
to show it more correctly it seals off
the inside of our bearing from all the
debris that may wrap around the shaft
now we've put the front plate on and
you'll notice that our throat on our
front plate is solid six mil of steel
going out this bar that this will take
most of the impact of the timber
different
house from side to side our anvil which
sits inside there has got four square
edges which you rotate when they round
off is situated inside here and attached
with three bolts in the adjustment slots
down here beneath the anvil bed we've
put a heel plate here to assist you in
being other adjust the anvil backwards
quickly demonstrate against our
heavy-duty washer here and we could
simply slide the anvil backwards